help/certifications/adc/adc-renew.md, before:

---
title: 資格認定の更新
description: 期限切れの前にAdobe [!DNL Document Cloud]  認定制度を更新する方法を説明します。
solution: Document Cloud
product: Document Cloud
role: User
mini-toc-levels: 1
hidefromtoc: true
exl-id: d7b3688b-2ed8-4855-951b-80ac1be932eb
source-git-commit: 264b3e497662788e95d87c6599de95793a75bd78
workflow-type: tm+mt
source-wordcount: '179'
ht-degree: 0%

---

# 資格認定のAdobe[!DNL Document Cloud] 更新

{{renewals-hold}}

Adobe認定は 2 年間有効です。 この 2 年に近づいている場合は、証明書を更新してアクティブな状態に保ちます。

まず、下のタブ（プロフェッショナル、エキスパート、マスター）で適切なレベルを選択します。 その後、資格認定を更新するために必要なことを慎重に確認します。

資格認定の有効期限が切れる前に、すべての要件を完了するための十分な時間を確保してください。

資格認定の有効期限が切れると、資格認定テストを再受験する必要があることに注意してください。これは無料ではありません。

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>**最初にログイン：** 次のリンクは、{6 **Adobe資格情報管理システムへの** ログイン成功 **後に** のみ ](https://www.certmetrics.com/adobe){target="_blank"} 機能します。[
>
><br>
>
>**リンクを共有する場合：** 同僚と更新試験または評価へのリンクを共有する場合は、ログインの問題を回避するために、試験自体の URL ではなく、試験全体の更新ページにリンクしてください。

>[!BEGINTABS]

>[!TAB Professional]

>[!NOTE]
>
>2025 年にプロフェッショナルなリニューアル。

>[!ENDTABS]

## Questions

認定制度に関する [FAQ](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/certification/certification/faq.html){target="_blank"} を参照してください。

その他の質問 [ お問い合わせ ](mailto:certif@adobe.com)。

Commit message:

Updated by task 'AUTO_TM_MT_1729111684408'  Changes for core/source commit https://git.corp.adobe.com/AdobeDocs/certification.en/commit/bc3b6240d7d432ba9cd37e0be77d0b98a2ae79d5

help/certifications/adc/adc-renew.md, after:

---
title: 資格認定の更新
description: 期限切れの前にAdobe [!DNL Document Cloud]  認定制度を更新する方法を説明します。
solution: Document Cloud
product: Document Cloud
role: User
mini-toc-levels: 1
hidefromtoc: true
exl-id: d7b3688b-2ed8-4855-951b-80ac1be932eb
source-git-commit: d1afe0ec65a75cc3976363920fc74c426833e964
workflow-type: tm+mt
source-wordcount: '16'
ht-degree: 0%

---

# 資格認定のAdobe[!DNL Document Cloud] 更新

{{renewals-hold}}

<!--

Your Adobe certification is valid for two years. If you are nearing this two-year mark, it's time to renew your certification to keep it active. 

First, select the appropriate level on the tab below (Professional, Expert, or Master). Then carefully review what you'll need to do to renew your certification. 
 
Be sure that you provide ample time to complete all the requirements before your certification expires. 
 
It's important to note that if your certification expires, you'll have to retake the certification exam, which is NOT free of charge. 

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>**Log in first:** The following links will function **only** after a **successful login** to the [Adobe Credential Management System](https://www.certmetrics.com/adobe){target="_blank"}.
>
><br>
>
>**To share a link:** If you would like to share the link to a renewal exam or assessment with a colleague, please link to the overall exam renewal page,  not the URL of the exam itself, to avoid login issues.

>[!BEGINTABS]

>[!TAB Professional]

>[!NOTE]
>
>Professional renewal in 2025.

>[!ENDTABS]

## Questions

View the certification [FAQ](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/certification/certification/faq.html){target="_blank"}.

Additional questions? [Contact us](mailto:certif@adobe.com).

-->

{{questions}}
