help/certifications/ajo/ajo-renew.md, before:

---
title: 資格認定の更新
description: 期限切れの前にAdobe [!DNL Journey Optimizer]  認定制度を更新する方法を説明します。
solution: Journey Optimizer
product: Journey Optimizer
role: Developer
hidefromtoc: true
exl-id: 393255d0-dff1-4a49-93cd-e767b9b14fc5
source-git-commit: 264b3e497662788e95d87c6599de95793a75bd78
workflow-type: tm+mt
source-wordcount: '160'
ht-degree: 0%

---

# 資格認定のAdobe[!DNL Journey Optimizer] 更新

{{renewals-hold}}

資格認定試験に合格すれば、その資格認定は 2 年間有効です。

新しい認証フォーマットを無料で更新できるようになりました。 それには、オンデマンドのExperience Leagueコースやチュートリアルを使用する必要があります。3 つのアクティビティを完了するだけで、無料で資格認定を更新できます。 資格認定の有効期限が切れる前に更新する必要があります。更新しない場合、資格認定を再度取得するには完全試験を受ける必要があります。

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>**最初にログイン：** 次のリンクは、{6 **Adobe資格情報管理システムへの** ログイン成功 **後に** のみ ](https://www.certmetrics.com/adobe){target="_blank"} 機能します。[
>
><br>
>
>**リンクを共有する場合：** 同僚と更新試験または評価へのリンクを共有する場合は、ログインの問題を回避するために、試験自体の URL ではなく、試験全体の更新ページにリンクしてください。

>[!NOTE]
>エキスパートのリニューアルが近日中に予定されています。

## Questions

認定制度に関する [FAQ](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/certification/certification/faq.html){target="_blank"} を参照してください。

その他の質問 [ お問い合わせ ](mailto:certif@adobe.com)。

Commit message:

Updated by task 'AUTO_TM_MT_1729111684408'  Changes for core/source commit https://git.corp.adobe.com/AdobeDocs/certification.en/commit/bc3b6240d7d432ba9cd37e0be77d0b98a2ae79d5

help/certifications/ajo/ajo-renew.md, after:

---
title: 資格認定の更新
description: 期限切れの前にAdobe [!DNL Journey Optimizer]  認定制度を更新する方法を説明します。
solution: Journey Optimizer
product: Journey Optimizer
role: Developer
hidefromtoc: true
exl-id: 393255d0-dff1-4a49-93cd-e767b9b14fc5
source-git-commit: d1afe0ec65a75cc3976363920fc74c426833e964
workflow-type: tm+mt
source-wordcount: '16'
ht-degree: 0%

---

# 資格認定のAdobe[!DNL Journey Optimizer] 更新

{{renewals-hold}}

<!--

When you pass a certification exam, your certification is valid for two years.

We're happy to announce that you are now able to renew your certification via a new, no-cost format. It involves using on-demand Experience League courses and tutorials—simply complete three activities to renew your certification at no cost. You must renew before your certification expires, or you will need to take the full exam to become certified again. 

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>**Log in first:** The following links will function **only** after a **successful login** to the [Adobe Credential Management System](https://www.certmetrics.com/adobe){target="_blank"}.
>
><br>
>
>**To share a link:** If you would like to share the link to a renewal exam or assessment with a colleague, please link to the overall exam renewal page,  not the URL of the exam itself, to avoid login issues.

>[!NOTE]
>Expert renewal coming soon.

## Questions

View the certification [FAQ](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/certification/certification/faq.html){target="_blank"}.

Additional questions? [Contact us](mailto:certif@adobe.com).

-->

{{questions}}
