help/certifications/aac/aac-renew.md, before:

---
title: 資格認定の更新
description: 期限切れの前にAdobe [!DNL Advertising]  認定制度を更新する方法を説明します。
solution: Advertising
product: Advertising Cloud
role: User,Developer, Data Architect
mini-toc-levels: 1
hidefromtoc: true
exl-id: 8016ac6f-2a30-4a72-bc17-b2ca422c21e8
source-git-commit: 264b3e497662788e95d87c6599de95793a75bd78
workflow-type: tm+mt
source-wordcount: '171'
ht-degree: 0%

---

# [!DNL Adobe Advertising] 資格認定の更新

{{renewals-hold}}

資格認定試験に合格すれば、その資格認定は 2 年間有効です。

新しい認証フォーマットを無料で更新できるようになりました。 それには、オンデマンドのExperience Leagueコースとチュートリアルを使用する必要があります。3 つのアクティビティを完了するだけで、無料で資格認定を更新できます。 資格認定の有効期限が切れる前に更新する必要があります。更新しない場合、資格認定を再度取得するには完全試験を受ける必要があります。

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>**最初にログイン：** 次のリンクは、{6 **Adobe資格情報管理システムへの** ログイン成功 **後に** のみ ](https://www.certmetrics.com/adobe){target="_blank"} 機能します。[
>
><br>
>
>**リンクを共有する場合：** 同僚と更新試験または評価へのリンクを共有する場合は、ログインの問題を回避するために、試験自体の URL ではなく、試験全体の更新ページにリンクしてください。

>[!BEGINTABS]

>[!TAB Professional]

>[!NOTE]
>
>プロフェッショナル向けのリニューアルを近日公開予定。

>[!TAB  エキスパート ]

>[!NOTE]
>
>エキスパートのリニューアルが近日中に予定されています。

>[!TAB マスター]

>[!NOTE]
>
>マスターのリニューアルは近日公開予定です。

>[!ENDTABS]

## Questions

認定制度に関する [FAQ](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/certification/certification/faq.html){target="_blank"} を参照してください。

その他の質問 [ お問い合わせ ](mailto:certif@adobe.com)。

Commit message:

Updated by task 'AUTO_TM_MT_1729111684408'  Changes for core/source commit https://git.corp.adobe.com/AdobeDocs/certification.en/commit/bc3b6240d7d432ba9cd37e0be77d0b98a2ae79d5

help/certifications/aac/aac-renew.md, after:

---
title: 資格認定の更新
description: 期限切れの前にAdobe [!DNL Advertising]  認定制度を更新する方法を説明します。
solution: Advertising
product: Advertising Cloud
role: User,Developer, Data Architect
mini-toc-levels: 1
hidefromtoc: true
exl-id: 8016ac6f-2a30-4a72-bc17-b2ca422c21e8
source-git-commit: a406fac14e66f8aed5ef3b288356e12ffa1f98a0
workflow-type: tm+mt
source-wordcount: '15'
ht-degree: 0%

---

# [!DNL Adobe Advertising] 資格認定の更新

{{renewals-hold}}

<!--

When you pass a certification exam, your certification is valid for two years.

We're happy to announce that you are now able to renew your certification via a new, no-cost format. It involves using on-demand Experience League courses and tutorials - simply complete three activities to renew your certification at no cost. You must renew before your certification expires, or you will need to take the full exam to become certified again. 

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>**Log in first:** The following links will function **only** after a **successful login** to the [Adobe Credential Management System](https://www.certmetrics.com/adobe){target="_blank"}.
>
><br>
>
>**To share a link:** If you would like to share the link to a renewal exam or assessment with a colleague, please link to the overall exam renewal page,  not the URL of the exam itself, to avoid login issues.

>[!BEGINTABS]

>[!TAB Professional]

>[!NOTE]
>
>Professional renewal coming soon.

>[!TAB Expert]

>[!NOTE]
>
>Expert renewal coming soon.

>[!TAB Master]

>[!NOTE]
>
>Master renewal coming soon.

>[!ENDTABS]

## Questions

View the certification [FAQ](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/certification/certification/faq.html){target="_blank"}.

Additional questions? [Contact us](mailto:certif@adobe.com).

-->

{{questions}}
